Yo, so tell me
Hi again
You're really quite stealthy
Really, I'm right perfect when I'm late for class
Which is always right?
So last week you spoke about promises and
I'm not about church, but I am about promises
So okay, well
If these are God's promises, wouldn't it make sense to go to his word to find out how to enjoy them seems right?
Okay, this is John 173
Would you like to read it?
Out loud
Really?
Then you know what it says I do, but it's nice to hear it again
This means everlasting life
They're coming to know you the only true God
And the one who you sent Jesus Christ
So based on this, what means everlasting life?
Getting to know God, but how can you get to know something? You're not even sure exists
Would you like to explore that answer next time you come by?
Who said anything about next time?
Oh, I'm just one of you up
See you later